For the purpose of this project, we are to highlight the trends on what type of individuals
 would be more likely to accept coupons while driving. For this excercise we focused on bar
coupons and then for my independent investigation the Coffee House coupons.

 Overall, for all the data, there was a 41% acceptance rate for Bar coupons. When diving 
deeper, I checked to see the rates for those who go 3 or fewer times versus the rest. For 
those who go to the bar 3 or fewer times, the rate was 62% whereas those who go more had a
77% acceptance rate. This was an obvious trend, so in order to dig deeper we have to find 
out the characteristics for those who would be more likely to accept. For this I decided to
find trends related to age, having children, and occupation. However, for this to be a more
precise analysis, we removed the entries who never go to the bar or had entries 'less1' or
'never'. The acceptance rate of those who are above 25 years old was a 49% acceptance rate
while those under that had a low 19% acceptance rate. In order to find a range I decided to
dig deeper and make the age threshold 30. The accpetance rate for those above 30 was 60% and
those under were 73%. Therefore, it is more likely that those ages 25 and up would accept
the coupons and those who are between 25-30 would be more likely to accept than those older
than that. In regards to children, the acceptance rate for those without children is 70% 
whereas for those who have kids had a rate of 65% meaning those without kids are more likely
to use the bar coupon. Those who work more blue collar jobs are more likely to use the coupon
than those without as the acceptance rate for BC jobs was 76% and the rate those who work WC
 jobs was 68%. In general, those who are between the ages of 25-30 who work BC jobs are more
likely to accept the Bar coupons.

I took a very similar approach for the Coffee house coupons as I did with the bar coupons. 
There was a 50% acceptance rate for the Coffee House coupons. The rate for those who go less
than 3 times a week was 45% whereas for those who went more than that the rate was 68%. For
those ages 25 and up, the acceptance rate was 49% whereas the rate for those under 25 was a 
low 16%. For those who have children the rate was 64% and the rate for those who don't was
67%. The rate for those who work BC job was 68% versus those who work WC jobs was 80%. From
all these rates, it can be hypothesized that those who work WC jobs and are above 25 years
old are more likely to accept the Coffee House coupons.  
